---
description: How to configure your server
---

# ⚙️ Configuration

{% hint style="danger" %}
Do not edit this file if you are unsure of what you are doing. It may affect your file security! Instead, run <mark style="color:yellow;">`$`</mark>`npm run setup` in your command prompt to automatically generate the secrets and set the default settings.
{% endhint %}

### USERS\_DIR

```properties
USERS_DIR="./Users/"
```

This setting determines where the users directory will be located. By default, it is appended as `./Users/`(The folder will be in the server directory)

### CHECKVERSION

```properties
CHECKVERSION="true"
```

This setting determines whether you want to check the version of your server every time you start it up.

### DISCORD\_ACTIVITY

```properties
DISCORD_ACTIVITY="false"
```

This setting determines whether you want to display on Discord that your server is running. (Requires Discord to be installed)

### FTP\_SERVER

```properties
FTP_SERVER="true"
```

This setting determines whether the FTP server is enabled.

### LOGGED\_IN\_TIMEOUT\_MS

```properties
LOGGED_IN_TIMEOUT_MS="604800000" # 7 Days in miliseconds
```

This setting determines the duration after which you will be automatically logged out of your account if logged in. You can use an online tool to convert days, hours, secounds into miliseconds.

### DEFAULT\_LANGUAGE

```properties
DEFAULT_LANGUAGE="pl_PL"
```

This setting determines the default language for the entire server and webpage.

### PORT and FTP\_PORT

```properties
PORT="3000"
FTP_PORT="3001"
```

These settings determine the network ports on which the server and FTP server will be running.

### COOKIE\_SECRET, SESSION\_SECRET, CSRF\_SECRET and JWTSECRET

```properties
COOKIE_SECRET="14c92838e26216d3c5978219af06cd65"
SESSION_SECRET="15f81542869a975cdee080537a1eb1da"
CSRF_SECRET="f0885d49275252e1d8d0633d780bd5d8"

JWTSECRET="93c66e63fbd0399c2b347d7a58f065d9c13a84c86c2b22fad2452d50b316c8d9"
```

These are the secrets for cookies, sessions, CSRF tokens, and JWT. They consist of a set of random characters that are then hashed into tokens and IDs. They protect your email and password from being unhashed and discovered. Do not share them!

### JWTALGORITHM

```properties
JWTALGORITHM="H256"
```

This is the algorithm used to hash your email and password with the above secret, ensuring they cannot be cracked or discovered.

### JWTEXPIRESIN

```properties
JWTEXPIRESIN="1d"
```

Similarly to `LOGGED_IN_TIMEOUT_MS`, ensure that they are set to the same value in normal format to avoid interference. For example, '1d' represents 1 day and '60h' represents 60 hours.&#x20;
